Hello today, a little movie about
daytime running lights and now i would like
tell at the same time show how much
consumes a miracle from there first
that looks all
like this with a screw
damn for us is
is shining
nice bright said and here and with me
two LEDs here here is worth it
one for 3 watts another for 9 but in total
connecting for example the tester shows
everywhere 013 milliamps ie 130
milliampere consumption heats up
decently that is it is due to the fact that
me here voltage principle is as
factory like a car now
battery counting charged to full and
and and to add something else but
equal brightness they have different that is
this here we have nines they shine more
in such a blue tint to which leads
to what kind of color it turns out more
bright treshki shine warmer light
in appearance there is no difference at all
fine that is what is yellow here what
here the yellow heats up they are very
good heating in winter they are not visible on the odes
summer I would still be in addition to
it probably resistor in my car
they cost winter that is about
months 5 and basically feels
not bad
daytime running lights do not replace me
just two LEDs i mean then in
plans to deliver an additional 2
couples
in general , all I have are two
nine and tonight I'll show you
as well as not shining on the site
additionality that I find
photos for this topic deal
I will additionally attach that is
I do not even know what I would like to say but
what i did homemade before the daytime
running lights
that is, they burned that is water
got here all tight and
pretty well done the only thing
that here this wire is very thin then
have got to be very careful when we
we connect it not additionally better
its somehow reinforcement if you vomit
it will be bad tension better not to let it go
that is, I could withstand the frost but I
didn't yank it all missed neatly but
so we have
drill a hole like a dozen then
inserted wire inserted into the minute
would be fixed on the reverse side
nut and some have a groove
and here I had a groove here here
the triangle here here is the groove just in
plastic bumps it just
attracted to plastic I think
attracted when it is more convenient than
by this because here it is necessary to drill
larger hole if Che little
happen she can
ugly then being in the same plan and
the holes are smaller and there is more light
would be neaterness above so that 's it
Thank you all for subscribing
on the channel all bye